## Deliverables
#### Required
##### Questions
- What is a framework?<br>A framework is a term used to describe collections of code for common or repetitive tasks that have been created and placed in open-source files that are available for developers and programmers to make use of.  This is a direct result of the 'Don't Repeat Yourself' (DRY) mantra.  By collecting code for common operations and repetitive tasks and grouping them together into what we call a framework, developers can access this previously written code to use and not have to write their own from scratch.<br><br>
- What's the difference between a programming language and a framework<br>A framework is a collection of previously written code that is intended to supplement a programming language.  In other words, a framework is an extension of a programming language.  The term 'framework' has no significance without an associated programming language.  The programming language provides the foundation upon which code and programs can be written; on top of this foundation we can collect sets of code that are common to many applications and group them together into what we call a framework.  Use of this framework can make some of the mundane tasks needed by programmers relatively easy because they can use code which already has been written and added to the framework within their own programs without having to start from scratch.  While coding in a particular programming language, developers will want to make use of an available framework for the language because it will make their lives easier and their code more accessible.<br><br>
- What’s the difference between a library and a framework?<br>Essentially, a framework is more robust than a library.  A framework typically includes more complex code and implements more features than a library would.  While they do have some similarities (both are packaged sets of resuseable source code), they are implemented quite differently.  The code a developer writes can call or inherit libraries within the particular language they are using, whereas a framework is used to provide services on the code itself.  Libraries are standard collections of classes, functions, and definitions; whereas frameworks include these elements but also more complex constructs that allows developers to make their code more robust.  Whereas a library is primarily a static entity used to augment the code a developer writes, a framework is dynamic in that can add more to and do more with the code a developer is working on.  The implementations for a framework are far more robust than for a library.<br><br>
- What languages have frameworks?<br>There are many languages that have frameworks.  Most of them are involved one-way or another with web-development programs.  The language Ruby has the framework Ruby on Rails.  The language Java has the framework Scala.  The language Javascript has the framework jQuery.  The Microsoft.NET framework is able to be used with many different programming languages (an example of language interoperability: where two or more programming languages are able to interact with one another).  These are some of the more common examples and by no means is this list meant to be exhaustive.<br><br>

##### Project
- blogger GitHub repo: https://github.com/albatross7817/jumpstart_blogger<br>
- heroku blogger app link: http://intense-badlands-6827.herokuapp.com<br>


